[NARRATOR]
Battlers:
Gatherings of
like-minded demons
who all want
to move up the ranks.
Basically, they're just clubs.
Iruma has been trying
to decide
which Battler
would be best to join.
A little more to the right.
Smoke, that side is sagging!
Raise it higher!
-Yes, boss!
-[BOYS exclaiming]
[AMERI] This is all because
you don't train enough.
Nobody's going home
until we're done decorating.
[BOYS]
Yes, boss!
The president's more fired up
than usual this year.
Well, it's not surprising.
Asmodeus would be an asset
to any Battler,
don't you agree?
-Yeah.
-[SUNNY/SMOKE] For sure.
There.
Decorations inspired
by First Love Memories.
I wonder if Iruma
will like them.
[chuckles]
Hey, come by soon!
[phone beeping]
Oh, it's Ameri.
[AMERI] Where are you?
Aren't you stopping
by the student council?
[IRUMA] Thank you very much
for the invitation.
I'll stop by later.
[AMERI]
See that you do.
[IRUMA] So, Ameri,
I can't believe
you're student council
president!
I honestly had no idea.
[BOY] [screaming]
Oh no!
[explosion booms]
[grunting]
Huh? What the...
[clinking]
[screams, grunts]
[BOY] [coughs]
Well, that failed.
[coughing]
Oh, hey.
Oh, it's you again.
-Hey, you alright there?
-Yeah, perfectly fine...
[IRUMA]
No, you're not!
[NARRATOR]
Iruma Suzuki, age fourteen.
One day, he found himself
the grandson
of a demon named Sullivan.
Sullivan loves
and spoils Iruma
and is even sending him
to the most prestigious school
in the land.
But there's just one problem.
The school Iruma is attending
just so happens to be
the demon school
known as Babyls.
[IRUMA] I can't ever
let them find out I'm human,
or I'm gonna get eaten
for sure!
[IRUMA/ASMODEUS/CLARA]
"The Magical Apparatus Battler."
[AMERI]
He seriously didn't know?!
I was under the impression
he was already aware
I was the student council
president!
Maybe he's intimidated
by my being
in a position
of such authority?
-[phone beeps]
-Uh?
"I'm really sorry.
"Something important
suddenly came up,
and I won't be able
to visit today."
Aww, so he is scared of me!
[BOY]
Sorry about that.
I messed up when trying to
calibrate a magical apparatus.
[IRUMA]
Ah...
I haven't introduced myself yet.
My name is Kiriwo Amy.
A pleasure to meet ya.
I'm Iruma. It's a pleasure
to meet you as well.
I'd offer you Hell Grey Tea
if I could.
See, I'm the only member
of this Battler.
Think nothing of it.
Please, just get some rest.
That feels amazing.
[IRUMA] So this is
the Magical Apparatus Battler.
[KIRIWO]
Sorry, it's kind of a mess.
Have a look around,
if you wanna.
[IRUMA]
Thank you, that's very kind.
You probably
know this already,
but these apparati use
magical energy to function.
Right.
[nervous chuckle]
I didn't!
Exactly as the name
of the Battler indicates,
we study magical apparati
from all over
and are thus inspired
to make our own magic items.
Whoa, really?
You make
that collar, too?
Uh, actually, this collar's
a bit different.
Here, check this out!
This ball shines
when you store magic in it.
Aah!
Hup!
Whoa!
[coughs]
-[KIRIWO groans]
-[IRUMA gasps]
Are you okay?
Perfectly fine.
This happens all the time.
All the time?
[KIRIWO] And here's
a doll that moves
when you infuse it
with magic.
Hup!
Wow! Cool!
[coughs]
I've, reached my... limit.
Please, don't overdo it!
Well, since you came by,
I wanted to show you
at least a few of
the things we've got here.
But as you can see,
I'm rather frail,
and I don't have much magic.
[IRUMA] I thought
I was the only one
who had to worry
about that problem
since I'm human and all.
Guess I was wrong.
Not to mention, I blew up
an apparatus prototype
I had been tinkering with.
Oh, were you able to get it
working again?
Ahh! You wanna see it?!
Sure!
Dadadada!!
It's my prototype!
The magic enhancement
apparatus, Gabuko!
Ga-what?
Just like its name suggests,
it's supposed to enhance
one's magic.
But it's rather difficult
to use.
[IRUMA] Are these parts for it?
They look like puzzle pieces.
Yup. Would ya wanna
touch 'em?
Don't mind if I do!
That piece is part
of the battery for its heart.
It's actually supposed
to be heart-shaped,
but I can't seem to get
the turbie's spin
and the ancha's heat capacity
to connect.
Oops, I bet this just sounds
like babbling to you.
No way!
Wow! Assembled
on your first try!
-You're amazing, Iruma!
-Aw, it was--
Have you ever made
any of these things before?
Huh? Well, I, uh--
Go on, I wanna hear
all about--
-[coughs]
-Not again!
I got a bit overexcited.
But you sure are talented,
Iruma.
Uh, well,
ever since I was little,
I've been good
at building things.
I would fix random appliances
and make my own lightbulbs.
Lots of stuff.
If I don't fix this,
I'll die!
Ap-what? I don't know
what those are,
but it sounds like
you've had it rough.
[laughs]
So, uh,
think that'll work now?
Definitely!
Could you bring me that ball
I showed you?
Yeah!
This time, for sure.
[straining]
[IRUMA]
It's glowing!
[KIRIWO]
Almost there.
At last, it worked!
-Oh wow! So pretty!
-[KIRIWO chuckles]
Isn't it though?
Gabuko's truly
an amazing machine.
Even if you don't have
much magic,
it can draw out the most
of what you do have.
It's hard to survive
in the netherworld
for those
without magic to spare.
Currently, what's valued
most in this world,
and in this school,
is one's rank.
The hierarchy is clear.
If possible, I wanna create
magical apparati
that will allow weaker demons
a level playing field
with the stronger ones.
It's my wish
that this will help close
the power gap for good.
[IRUMA]
Close the power gap.
Huh, is that really possible?
[KIRIWO]
You did such a good job.
You have an amazing dream,
Kiriwo!
Well, I can't talk about it
too loudly yet.
I'm pretty sure
it's the very last thing
high-ranking demons
want to hear.
But anyway, Iruma,
you have plenty of magic
and are so talented!
Any Battler would have you!
Can I ask you a question,
Kiriwo?
Hmm?
Well, supposing I didn't have
any magic,
could I still join
this one?
If you actually
didn't have any magic,
we'd be just alike!
[gasps]
[KIRIWO]
Even if you had a little,
I'd love to have someone
as gifted as you, Iruma!
What this Battler needs
far more than magic
is technique!
[chuckles]
-[CLARA] Iruma-kins!
-[ASMODEUS] Iruma, sir!
-Iruma-kins!
-Master Iruma!
He got separated from us while
we were at the school store.
Where could he have gone?
-Iruma, sir!
-Oh! There he is! Hey!
Iruma-kins!
Where'd you run off to?
We missed you bad!
Oh. Iruma-kins, did something
good happen to you?
Yeah! Listen to this.
[inaudible dialog]
[humming]
[chuckles]
[NARRATOR]
And then, the final day
of the Battler trials arrived.
[explosions booming]
[coughing]
[moaning]
I messed up again.
Are you okay?
Iruma.
You came
to visit me again?
Were you interested
in joining?
Huh? There's more of you?
When I told them I'd decided
to join this Battler,
they insisted
on joining along with me.
Of course!
As promised,
I shall accompany you
anywhere, Master Iruma!
Is this magic?
Can I eat it?
[whimpering]
Well, anyway,
we're all joining up.
Hope it's okay.
New recruits.
Three of them.
Three of them!
Are you alright?!
Wake up!
[CLARA]
Just look at that smile!
[NARRATOR] Iruma,
Asmodeus, and Clara
officially joined
the Magical Apparatus Battler.
Thus ends
the Battler trial period.
That's right.
It's totally over.
I've honestly never seen
the president so depressed.
Well, that's because Asmodeus
was a big no-show.
[AMERI] I can't believe
Iruma never showed up.
[knock on door]
Enter!
I'm so sorry I'm late.
I-Iruma!
Wha-what do you want?
Didn't you hear?
The trial period's over.
You're right to be mad.
Sorry again.
I mean, honestly. What am I
going to do with you?
You might as well stay
and have some tea.
Oh, thank you very much.
The student council room.
Oh! This is from
First Love Memories!
Uh, yes.
To make potential recruits
feel more welcome.
What do you think?
I think it's just fantastic!
[relieved sigh]
Oh, I see.
[IRUMA] I was surprised
when I found out
that you were
the student council president,
To hold that position
when you're only
a second-year is incredible!
It's not a big deal.
All I'm doing is whatever
I need to do to achieve my goal.
Your goal?
[KIRIWO] It's my wish
that this will help close
the power gap for good.
The leader of the Battler
I just joined up with,
he's working really hard
for his goal, too.
Did you really just tell me
you joined another Battler?!
But you said you'd join
the student council!
Wait, what?!
Uh, I'm pretty sure
that I never--
Well, you basically
implied as much!
Explain yourself, Iruma!
[screaming]
[NARRATOR] After this,
it took Iruma two hours
to explain the situation
to Ameri.
[IRUMA/ASMODEUS/CLARA]
"The Thirteen's Dinner."
[IRUMA]
The Battler Party?
[OPERA] It's a presentation
the Battlers put on,
but really,
it's a meet-and-greet
for the new members.
It's a lively event
with all kinds
of shops and amusements.
Wow!
Above all, the parents
of the first-years
come to the Battler Party
to observe what goes on.
It's a perfect opportunity
to check up on their kids
who are just starting school.
So it's basically
like parents' day.
I get it!
-Why?
-The chair-demon insisted
on getting you ready
for it right away.
I need uncut footage
from all angles
of my precious Iruma
getting ready
for the Battler Party!
We're going big!
Set everything up!
[nervous chuckle]
So, where's Grandpa, anyway?
He just left moments ago.
There's an important regularly
scheduled meeting today.
Uh? What kind of meeting?
[OPERA] A gathering
of the greatest heroes
of the netherworld,
The Thirteen's Dinner.
[lightning cracking]
[thunder rumbling]
Now, then,
let us begin the meeting.
Wait, please. It doesn't look
as though everyone's here yet.
I'm afraid Asmodeus
and Glasya will be absent.
Yet again?
How're they still part
of the Thirteen Crowns?
[BELZEBUTH] They had
other matters to attend to.
Now, this meeting
will officially commence.
The biggest problem we face here
is the overhunting of food.
At this rate, we're going
to die of starvation.
You know, you could do
with a little starving!
Money's not flowing
like it should, either.
There's been far
too much illegal trading
of goods going on.
Speaking of illegal,
more and more
high-ranked demons
have been
coming through, too.
The situation is dire.
The east is getting
dangerous, too.
What say you, girl?
I don't know what kind
of pluck nonsense
you're talkin' 'bout.
Why don't y'all do
somethin' about it?
There's that
bumpkin accent again.
-Heeeh?!
[BOTH]
Heeeh?!
-Heeeh?!
-[sighs]
Because we've been without
a Demon King for so long,
order in the netherworld
has been crumbling away.
We've got the Lord Belial,
Lord Sullivan,
and, of course, Lady Levi.
It's about time we make one
of them Demon King
and have them effectively
take control of the netherworld.
I, for one, support Lord Belial.
Sharp as a dragon's fang.
I'd prefer Lady Levi.
Her wisdom and leadership are
far greater. Unmatched, even.
But a Demon King needs
to be conniving, too.
Nah, nah, Sullivan's the one
who's gonna bring the healin'.
It's true that Sullivan
is quite skilled.
But he's not a Yodh yet.
Besides, it's not healing
that we need now.
That ain't true,
it was mentioned
in the Prophecy Scroll.
"He shall make one
and all his servants.
He shall form blood pacts,
and heal all demonkind."
Indeed. With the words,
"He shall descend
from a foreign realm,
wearing the golden Ring
of Solomon on his right hand."
You guys are
a stone-cold pack of morons.
After all that whining,
you're just relying
on some lame prophecy?
[ALL grumble]
It's not like these
little ripples are going
to make any waves
on the netherworld.
You fools
should already know that.
-[phone beeps]
-Hmm?
Huh?
[chuckles]
-[AMAYMON growls]
-Huh?
For a brat who barely shows up
to meetings, you got some nerve.
Meetings? I think you mean
whining competitions, old man.
How dare you!
Fine, if that's how you want it,
come at me!
[BAAL] Oh, shut up.
What're you saying?
You wanna start something
with me?
Today's the day I'm gonna
teach you a lesson, punk!
There they go again.
Why they always gotta act
like such roughnecks?
Pardon, I need to make
a quick work call,
if I may.
Yes, we should probably
take a short break.
[BAAL]
Keep whining!
[clears throat]
[sighs]
I truly hope we can settle
on a Demon King today.
Once and for all,
let's settle this,
what do you say?
Of course.
Let us begin.
No grandchild is cuter
than mine is!
Look at his wittle baby hands!
Aren't they scrumptious?
No, what determines
the better grandchild is skill!
Therefore, mine's the best!
He may be smart,
but he has a warped,
twisted personality!
And nobody could be
a bigger authority
on that than you!
Okay, Sully, as usual,
you be the judge.
-Uh?
-Uh, Sully?
[chuckles]
I'm not the same demon
I used to be, you know.
Behold! I have
a grandchild now, too!
[giggles]
-You what?!
Wait a second!
You don't even have a child,
how do you have
a grandchild?
Yes, you did conveniently manage
to skip parenthood,
straight to the grands!
What happened in between?!
Oh, I used what
they call a lifehack.
-[BELIAL] Aww.
-[LEVI] Oh, he's a cutie.
No, he isn't,
he's the cutest!
Hmm. But I see
no resemblance.
-Did you kidnap the boy?
Uh, no comment.
-[chuckles]
-Uh...
But now though,
we don't have
an impartial judge.
-Maybe Little Bel?
-Well, you see,
[BAAL and BELZEBUTH shouting]
They seem pretty busy.
Probably just arguing
about the absence
of the Demon King again.
They sure are animated.
Well, then,
should we three decide?
Sure, if we do it
with cards.
No way!
You always cheat, Belial!
Oh, who cares
how you decide?
Just get it done already,
will you?!
Hey, now, how'd you weasel
your way out of this?
Well, age does hold some
sovereignty in these matters.
As a youth,
I humbly abstain.
Yeah, right!
Youth, my ass!
You're as old as us,
and you know it!
How much are you wasting
on that skin,
you lying old crone?!
Surely you agree
that men should be
in charge of such things.
It's quite audacious
of you to force
the position
of Demon King upon me
when I'm two years younger
than the both
of you ancient coots.
-Two years?
Now, Sully, my first choice
would be you.
Hmm?
You're more than
skilled enough,
and you know it.
Quit holding back
and become
a Yodh, already.
To be honest, I'd feel at ease
if you were the boss, too.
How about it, you in?
[SULLIVAN] I have a grandson
for the first time,
and I'm really enjoying
spoiling the hell out of him.
I take my eye off him
for one second,
and he's grown so much more.
Truly...
...watching kids grow up
is more fun
than I thought possible.
I will firmly remain
the chair-demon.
I see.
I guess I can't
blame you, Grandpa.
The Demon King shall remain
absent for now.
-Let's wrap it up.
-Yay!
Okay, I'm going back
to my beloved Iruma!
[knock on door]
-Yes, come in.
-[door opens]
Pardon us.
Ah, Henri!
Lord Sullivan,
I must thank you
for looking
after my daughter at school.
Oh, it's nothing.
-But...
-But?
Hmm?
[AZAZEL]
You've been formally accused
of illegally crossing
into the human world,
I'm afraid.
Please accompany me
to the station.
Hmm.
For real, a warrant?
[AZAZEL]
Unfortunately, sir.
But why, though?
What the hell
is Sully doing?
[gasps]
I don't know what you did,
but today's dinner is awesome!
Thank you very much.
Oh no!
Help me please! Iruma!
Sukima!
Uh, got something
on your mind there, President?
[AMERI] Iruma didn't join
the student council.
So, I guess this means
we'll have to go on more dates.
[NARRATOR] Ameri considers
the reading sessions
she spends with Iruma
tantamount to "dates."
[QUICHE/SUNNY/JOHNNY/SMOKE]
On more dates?!
[NARRATOR] But the other four
student council members believe
dates are actually
important patrol duty.
-Patrol!
They all seem
way more gung-ho
today than usual.
[NARRATOR]
The student council's patrols
became far stricter
for a brief while.
Good grief,
what kind of pickle
has the chair-demon
gotten himself into now?
He brought a human
to the netherworld,
made him his grandchild,
and enrolled him at school
as an honor student.
Yep, guilty as sin.
Next time,
"The Battlers' Presentation."
Will the chair-demon
make it back in time
to witness Iruma's bravery
at the Battler Party?
Find out soon.
♪